I said the answer to that is that no one can deny our information.
And now they've got information that's not going to pass the fire.
So they've got it to run a top-shake with you there at the secret.
But it's not going to pass the tram on them.
We should not, we'll see, give information that's given the land for any of the once-runny
investigation agencies.
Anything that's there that is going through there and investigate a technique.
I think which might endanger the national security.
We have not.
I believe that other members of this subcommittee are also entitled to receive such documents.
Not those who say that they will make public names of the informants.
Well, I would be glad to make public names of the informants.
That's not all.
I would be glad to make public names of the informants.
But if it's a violation of law, I think I'd have the right.
I would say that it's going to make public the name of a informant.
So some of it could be agreed that there's no law.
I think I'd have the obligation to make the name.
Sorry, but we agreed that there's no law, which allows the man to suffer a wrongdoing.
They're the only law in the book.
As far as I know, covering this subject is the law of making 12 of which says that
the individuals in the executive have the right to do to get information from under the comments.
Well, Senator, of course, I wouldn't want to get a name of an informant.
If he was legally right for him to give me the information, as far as the law of 1912,
I was not just saying that he sent over here.
It has nothing whatever to do with satisfying information.
Now, let me ask another question.
Do you believe that the chairman of any other Senate committee,
say the Senate committee on internal security, is also an authorized person
for the purpose of receiving such confidence and documents?
Any committee with those jurisdictions over a subject has authorized receiving information
when he sent them from the documents.
I would say does not control it.
Any any any any of them's wrongdoing should they be being available to people,
especially when it has to do with prison?
We don't have a sub-inspirational security or anybody can decide themselves.
We don't have the classification of a document if they believe that it's wrong,
whatever there's a failure does, and therefore they have to write,
to tell us who has the right to committee, is that right?
Some of this will be no question, and there's any anyone who has any wrongdoing
has any right to the duty to bring that evidence to a congressional committee.
Now, I'll do it this year, you can follow Jerry Ryan, a reading center.
I will do it this year, but not the end of the day.
I'll do it this year, because the information about himself,
so I think we've got to have to take that.
And that's not the end of the day.
Now let me ask you this question.
Suppose there was something that a person felt was wrong,
it turned out not to be wrong, then what would happen?
Suppose that a man came to you in from an agency that I had information to show
that my boss on the chips of staff is a traitor,
or it's done something which I think is inimical,
but with the best interest in the United States,
and it turned out to be fully wrong.
What is the procedure from there on?
Do we investigate and check whether the man is right or not?
And what do we do about that?
Do we turn it over to the FBI?
I think the center here is fully aware of the clear rule.
And that is that the name no one accused of wrongdoing is made public.
And so number one, you appear before the committee
and as well as the chief finalist and number two,
and to all of the suspicion voucher and the convention committee
is wrongdoing.
And so, the question is,
Mr. Wilson, please invite your head to the committee.
Senator, I don't know that I can throw any light on this.
Rest all of these.
Some of your time with you.
But as I, my north raises followers,
that it is your testimony that no one can think I asked them by that,
I take a community committee,
information by stamping a document classified or confidential,
as that's your opposition, sir.
No information of any wrongdoing.
That's right.
So that if the FBI has a report about some wrongdoing and has
with some malty to stamp it,
classified or confidential,
it may still be brought to you by some disabled government employees.
Is that right or wrong, sir?
No, number one, just so there's no...
That's there's only one answer today.
Is that right or wrong?
Well, I'll answer it, but I...
I'll think it's a answer.
Number one, we received no information from the FBI.
Number two, I do think Mr. Boston will ask me for the information.
I think number two, if the FBI has an issuing reports to certain agencies,
because I'm Mr. Eckers, he is a stripper.
If you'll be as firing as the North on Avenue,
if someone on that agency knows not the reports are being ignored,
I think he has a duty to bring that to the U.S.
So this committee, the dinner committee, the Vellic committee,
something to clear for you, sir.
That's what I thought you meant, sir.
I think we understand each other.
And as far as you are concerned,
the appearance on the top of the document of the word,
is it classified or confidential?
Just don't impress you.
Is that right, sir?
Not if not if that's the prosecution's cover for ongoing your business.
And if it's put on by the FBI, it does not impress you.
I know we're providing a hoover's cocktail here on the heavily-bred stood.
As far as I'm concerned, I never have received any information directly from the FBI.
Not directly, sir, but it gets different from one of the other.
And if the one that's the patient that's arrived, I will still.
But you are quite ready to take its second hair, not, sir.
I heard you've told me things were so excellent, matter of fact.
I didn't think that that said.
I know you didn't, sir.
You know, I agree on the importance of it.
Now, my name is the FBI.
It's only a few questions.
In the FBI, as in the ultimate stage, as reported,
evidence of prison-ready partner,
in the hell of a department who was all over them,
in the reviews of full action on them,
then I think it's a duty of any amount of people
who love this country to bring that to the attention
of the proper investigating committee.
And I think that is the rule that we should solve,
not only in 1964, but in 1964, 1974, 1984.
Otherwise, what's about?
If we can cover up, long doing,
if we can cover up, say, then by a sample, say,
then you and I, you and I will...
Like I said, the administration certainly wanted to on the way.
Well, Senator, let's try one more time,
and then let's be done with it.
I take it, sir, one more time.
One more question for me, you.
Now, I take it, and it is your position,
that when the disgruntled employee,
who sees before in this document,
stops, fails,
classifies, or is confidential,
emanating from the FBI,
and is satisfied with the progress that is being made about it,
in the end, anytime,
with the pride, deliver to you,
can you tell me whether that's correct or not?
You're in front of anything, your question, Mr. Unchrooze.
You talk about a disgruntled employee.
Is that definitely...
I got this question in order to argue employee, right?
Mr. Wells, your current cancer question from the man
will bring to the Congress information sendient.
The one in the organization, look, they finished it.
Well, according to your definition,
the young man who came to the center of work
and gave him information,
including in the safety part,
the truth of all your hits.
The exact young man has followed
what apparently is your rule of conduct,
then all your hits would undoubtedly,
as of this moment,
as of the 16th day of June, 1954,
you don't know the whole of your mind position with government.
Now, that's your definition of disgruntled.
A young man, a young man who gives evidence of truth.
Who would have reflected all the defendants of your hits,
all enemies warning domestic?
You and I have a much different definition of disgruntled.
Then to my faculty,
I am not trying to settle the question we have under discussion.
I am trying to only through a little bit,
so that the country will know what we are talking about.
Do you understand that, sir?
I understand exactly what you're trying to do.
This is what I am trying to do,
and you can help me,
and we be done with it.
I want more, I want to help you,
and what you're trying to do.
One more effort.
And then I must let it go,
and I must trust you to answer me simply and directly,
so that the country will know what you're saying.
I take it as clear that it is your relationship, sir,
that is the FBI,
issues today,
and document my confidence,
and some government employees have,
and conclude that things are not ruling strictly enough.
That government employees may with the fire
and bring the documents to you.
No.
You're answering no.
You may not.
Answer me, sir.
No.
The way that you put the trust in answer is no.
Now, Mr.
I am going to ask you to answer me.
No, Mr.
Senator McCarthy,
I was determined to fight a different matter.
Let me have a second.
No.
I am looking at page 6247 of the record.
It will be a very short reference,
if you say anything,
and you would want to talk to life as it's real.
Hello.
What day is that?
That is volume 31,
cancer June,
page 6247.
You have just one month left.
page 247.
I am looking at you,
and I am looking at the top,
almost the top of the page.
This college graduate,
referring to Shine,
partially filled out an application,
leaving out substantial parts of it,
as though it were unimportant.
And that the General of the Army had to call him up and get him back
and have him come back over there to later days,
and really fill out his other applicants have to fill out an application,
a form for information on the Army.
That is the matter.
I might as well think about the application you build out.
Mr. Jenkins, you don't know one thing about that.
Senator Maccati,
I never saw it.
Senator, I have the application that seems to shine filled out,
and I can tell you that I'm here in order.
I'm sorry?
If I don't tell you, I'm in order.
No, you may have any time.
Oh, sorry.
That's a little weird.
What's it?
Maccati, you're welcome.
Yes, sir.
What's your prefer, Senator?
The copy that has your original signature.
Or would you be content for the photos, sir?
I will send you a word for it.
If you say that I know that I have an assignment,
And may I say to you, Senator, that I don't think it's a devil
saying to have this turned out.
But it happens to be an accurate when you say
you didn't know anything about it.
You did sign it.
And I'm going to ask you to look at it since I want to ask
the question to you about it.
Let me, let me, let me.
I still say that I don't do anything about it.
I don't recall everything seen it.
I am showing you.
If you can't find it, I'm sure that's it.
I'm sure that it is.
I'm showing you a certified copy.
And if you look at the clip on the last two or three pages,
and open them one of the clips scattered together,
you will ask them to see your signature.
I want to make a sure that it's a motorized above
the even for nothing.
Oh, it wasn't auto-ranged by you.
That's it.
Well, the road motor has a lot of efficiency.
You know, let's put the page to go to the...
The clip's there.
The clip is on the page that has your signature.
The clip's toward the bottom.
You'll see.
It's there. All right.
It's your signature.
It's there.
Now I want you to turn to the first page of it,
if you will.
Where Mr. Shine states his qualifications,
you'll serve a block of high-priving,
out of the world for time and fire.
I suggest you, in the next 10 minutes,
they go to all of the event that's alive in the hearing,
for some time, and they get to it.
Mr. Cohn, Mr. Cohn will give it there.
No, no.
Mr. Cohn will give you 10 minutes, Mr. Cohn.
Well, sir, that's available.
Who will leave now, Mr. Cohn?
Oh, Mr. Cohn will give it there.
Mr. Cohn will give you 10 minutes, Mr. Cohn.
That's available.
I think only one question.
And it goes to this discussion of which we have had a great deal this morning,
which I think is very helpful and very constructive.
And now here is the dual responsibility
and the co-ordinate system of government of the executive branch
and of the legislative branch, which I protect the interests of the people.
We are all in happier people all around the table,
that we have in the FBR, and I think I have no who.
The world's best security organization.
Not only from the standpoint of protecting the safety of this country against aggression,
but from the standpoint of protecting this all against crime.
It's your last point, all however,
that conceivably eight times had come when just to mention the letter, just the art.
It might not surround them with the help,
which were rightfully surround those letters today.
And he calls for the attention of Senator McCarthy who was not in Congress at the time.
But about eight or ten years ago, when the new deal was at its peak,
a deliberate effort was then made to get to the government.
So I happen to be a member of the House of that time,
and I wanted you and I to pay tribute to a great Democrat from Bob.
Hey, I'm Patriot, and you isn't the House.
The majority leader of the House of Representatives is that same John McCormack,
to whom I went personally.
I mentioned the information I had about the government on the part of some politicians in government.
They'll get rid of Jay at the Hoover.
And the record will show that John McCormack went to that for Jay at the Hoover,
both within his council's own party and public.
And his officer will think him with a man who would have done a politician
instead of a grand security officer dying to interact.
I mentioned that only for this week,
that all of us should keep in mind that there could come some unhappy day.
When Jay at the Hoover, who is more than like the rest of it,
is not fair.
Although he might be replaced by some politicians from political preference,
an un-developed representative that is entirely conceivable to the Church,
that if the FBI seeks to be a grand organization to protect us against this loyalty
and protect us against dishonesty and against danger,
and that's another information, and can be used for political purpose.
We must not let the idea get abroad that such an FBI,
so much money, then so much use, should then have the right to stand on its own elections,
shift and classify, and deny that the people's representatives in Congress
are right to expose such a sad situation.
Now I think we all know that that day is not here and it is not near.
And I hope it never comes.
But I hope once the record just stands unforeseen,
that this committee believes that it is individual-tenant of the means
that we're establishing a formula with that.
If the FBI can be captured by those who are in the show, I know it.
We have a region that's meant that the formula is to do it.
It's the sense that the documents classified and then no number of Congress,
no congressional committee shall have any right whatsoever to protect the public.
The hypothetical situation, I think it should be understood,
because in the chair's personal knowledge will be a template that was made some years ago.
That was not a question, it did not require an answer, but I'm a copy.
I'll send him a comment, you have to send it.
I don't want to make this comment on what this thing is telling us first.
If we're in touch with the documents that try to first have them,
I believe the law should provide that we can get them by surprise.
Maybe I'm wrong about that.
But I think the audience, the audience, the talks are such as a government.
Should they be it?
And not the individual conscience of the individuals.
So if it is right, just to have them, I'm not saying it isn't.
I can rather appreciate that, Jesus, that could develop conditions.
So that would be such corruption, such traitors and the executive plan to the government.
I hope you're not inclined by a such and there now.
But if there's left hand should come.
I think the Congress should have the power and safehold by a proper enactment of law.
That is the position I take.
I simply believe in law a governance by law and not governance by the conscience of individuals who's conscience, often paid.
That is not a safe.
I think all the security of this country must be chairman I shall now proceed with the other question.
I guess I can, then.
Senator, let's go back to the document if they may please.
I call your attention, just pass that file.
They treat the first seven to five other three,
meeting from the Army Center for the Foreign Affairs.
I am reading from the air document.
As further evidence.
Just a short sentence.
As further evidence with the dishonest state,
all the attacks that the mass staff issues through Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams.
I'm sorry, Mr. Pater.
Three of them have been left, copy I have.
Just a second.
Yes, I know.
I'm calling your attention to the work dishonest state.
Yes, sir.
They do have that time feel and will you now feel that the child is against your staff as you replicate in this language?
Well, they dishonest the fact.
Different.
Do you say that time, like some of the charges against Mr. Carr, you know,
have an answer if you know anything like my foot.
Well, that's not the time.
I'm talking about the charges.
You think they will dishonest?
Yes, sir.
Now I call your attention, and I call the three of them.
They won't work here in order.
I said, issue the truth and Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams.
Yes, sir.
And that is the truth.
In that instance, then you just claim that you are charging Mr. Stevens.
So, second, I'll be in the Mr. Adams with dishonest state.
Mr. McCullough, I don't know who thought of this, sir.
That's much better than Mr. Lee because of the work that some people justify and the other persons work.
And the car will often focus on any of the pieces he wants to move through.
Now, I stand at page four, paragraph six.
Now, read the last sentence in paragraph six.
Then, please, in proper perspective,
it will be found to have given greater aid and comfort to commoners
and security risk by any single other obstacle ever designed.
Now, I think that we're first to, if you agree with me, de-report,
which is in location in the center of the bar, then that we're first to,
with chronological, the document of chronological events, so it's not.
Yes, sir.
You're going to answer whatever that I agree with it.
One of the men said that, sir.
I think there are other things that I've given much more comfort to the community.
I think, for example, the situation distorts by our committee from the Center for Markham's Office on the Committee to ensure the threat of China.
I think that's the final important lot we can make.
I think that a number of other things might have given greater aid and comfort.
This is the language of the report I have.
I'm saying that's an exaggeration in your charge.
I wasn't saying exaggeration, but I think if you refer to the aid and comfort to commoners in government in this country,
then if you refer to aid and comfort to communism of the whole,
I'm sure there's another situation that I'm giving more aid.
Well, there's some greater or less or not.
I think this has been a great service for becoming a partner.
For four months or thereabouts, we've not been able to proceed with our work of taking up the crundits.
We have exposed those in self-places in the department of the Army who are protecting those who are protecting those who have infiltrated into the government.
Are we winning some discomfort to the commoners?
I'm concerned with this.
I didn't want to get into this, but I got to be frank about these answers.
I was watching myself from my family, great deal with respect.
I was always happy.
I feel that he is what you refer to when you call a good Democrat.
However, I find that, to my side, I've been not so recommending too highly this time, but I'm a Democrat.
I find the most important part of the summer of March and fall.
I was visited by the chief council of the Army five days before he came back on the committee.
I find that my Democrat friends came back on the committee and the Reno V. Backwards gave them every consideration that they asked for.
I find that since that time, we've been doing practically nothing except spending the time, the money, the efforts of the committee.
In investigating charges which have all of us now, Dr. Lee, I have completely without foundation.
You mean the charges you've made over that foundation?
No, I'm referring to the charges against my own.
I may have been interrogating you.
Mr. Smith, Mr. Solomon, I made an answer to the charges of the man.
We did not make charges, we answered them.
For some reason, I believe as a lawyer, he knows that when somebody comes in a court, you make charges.
The man against whom the charges are made makes an answer.
Now I've been by this answer completely and as I say, I am disturbed by many aspects of this case.
We don't know about that point.
We don't know this point, Senator.
What part of some assignment is lawyers or in the office is not even mind out on you?
Well, we can get to that and that's just there if you do are.
If the state would take the slam, we should press right now.
You know the bank is on the top right, Mr. Smith.
That's the moment.
Good boy.
And the McComb has a part.
Let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me.
Now you say it, Senator, that your document is only an answer.
If one has made a charge against you and M. Tann, then you're an answer.
You say he's alive, don't you regard that as a charge against him?
Just answer.
And that said, improve our embrace of charge.
That will you allow your answer, and answer my throw and break the counter charge.
The counter claims to allow.
All right.
Last and sorry for you, Mr. Commander, charge is in.
In this counter charge years, that's this action, this station, this document has given great aid in comfort to the commoners and security of this.
For many singular jobs, political design, you are used now state that that action is the act of a patriotic army of the people of the government.
Patriotic army, yes, use the mind that you have used.
I don't want the development of the mind of the private students, I think,
what he did was grossly improper, what influence was the word and just can do this, I don't know.
We learn as we go through these hearings that two days before they see them that on the side of the moon,
that even the sub-demon of the Sun is one of these long-haired phones, so he doesn't affect there's really nothing to do.
I understand that.
I think it was highly improper of making up to think about that as highly improper to finally use fraudulent dishonest charges.
Now, I agree with you and I think it goes both ways.
If there's honest sergeants, highly improper, I think it's most referenceable on either side.
I hope you agree with me.
I think the soldiers just point out where, at any point in our answer, we thought that anything goes up to proven literature.
And it's not entirely the same as how 30-moving research ends up in the true course.
Thank you.
Isn't that a picture of this old model?